Python programming : 

Lesson 1 : 

Guideline : 
    How to make the best of each lesson : 
        1 - Don't take any lesson for granted : Make sense of everything, ask questions. Everything is easier to memorize if you can make sense of it. 
        2 - Watching and/or reading are the worst thing you can gift yourself, you're not learning anything like that
        3 - Be lazy : Learn patterns, and know how something can be reproduced with the least step possible.
    
            Optimise learning : Sleep ! Train ! Repeat
            Your brain is wired so that neuron creates an activation stronger everytime, you need to do a thing n times until you master it.
            Do not copy code! Understand each line until you can produce the same code.
            Keep a written memento of every step you've achieved and the goals you're aiming. 


Objectives of this course : 

    1 - Understand the logic behind programming, know the different uses of python, understand how the logic flow works on python
    2 - Know your environnement, know what's an IDE and pip
    3 - Write your first code : 

The concepts : 
    Programming ? 
    Python ? Python3 
    Operation, logic flow

Env :
    install python :
    ide : 

Variables : 

    python syntax : lowercase, no spaces, comments
                    note the indentation in every lesson, python uses indentation efficiently to divise zones
    print() :
        (0.5) - help() / __doc__ 
        a - "" or ''
        b - \n
    
    ex. 1 : print 'Hello' followed by your name
    ex. 2 : print '
                    roses are red,
                    violets are blue,
                    python programming is fun,
                    isn't that true ?' 
    
    variable = 
        str / int / float

        
    input()
    
    ex. 4 : Write a program that asks you your name and then returns Hello 'person'  
    ex. 5 : Write a program that asks you your name, your age and returns Hello 'person', you are 'age' years old. 
    ex. 6 : Write a program that asks you 'What hour it is?' and returns the time answered and adds '{digit} in the morning ? I'm late for work!!'  
    
    type() : (str/int/float)

    ex. 7 : Write a program that asks for your favorite sport and how many years you've been playing it and returns it. 
    ex. 8 : Write a program that asks for your age, your height, and your size (with one decimal)